[RUM][APM] Update documentation for servlet auto-injection (#33463)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/server/java.md

|----------|---------------------|-------|-------------|
| `dd.rum.enabled` | `DD_RUM_ENABLED` | `true` / `false` | Required |
| `dd.rum.application.id` | `DD_RUM_APPLICATION_ID` | `<string>` | Required |
| `dd.rum.client.token` | `DD_RUM_CLIENT_TOKEN` | `<string>` | Required |
| `dd.rum.site` | `DD_RUM_SITE` | `datadoghq.com` / `us3.datadoghq.com` / `us5.datadoghq.com` / `datadoghq.eu` / `ap1.datadoghq.com` / `ap2.datadoghq.eu` | Optional, `datadoghq.com` by default |
| `dd.rum.service` | `DD_RUM_SERVICE` | `<string>` | Optional |
| `dd.rum.environment` | `DD_RUM_ENVIRONMENT` | `<string>` | Optional |
| `dd.rum.major.version` | `DD_RUM_MAJOR_VERSION` | `5` / `6` | Optional, `6` by default |
| `dd.rum.version` | `DD_RUM_VERSION` | `<string>` | Optional |
| `dd.rum.track.user.interaction` | `DD_RUM_TRACK_USER_INTERACTION` | `true` / `false` | Optional |
| `dd.rum.track.resources` | `DD_RUM_TRACK_RESOURCES` | `true` / `false` | Optional |
| `dd.rum.track.long.tasks` | `DD_RUM_TRACK_LONG_TASKS` | `true` / `false` | Optional |
| `dd.rum.session.sample.rate` | `DD_RUM_SESSION_SAMPLE_RATE` | percentage, from `0` to `100` | Required if `rum.remote.configuration.id` is missing |

> | `dd.rum.session.replay.sample.rate` | `DD_RUM_SESSION_REPLAY_SAMPLE_RATE` | percentage, from `0` to `100` | Required if `rum.remote.configuration.id` is missing |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.rum.session.sample.rate` | `DD_RUM_SESSION_SAMPLE_RATE` | Percentage, from `0` to `100` | Required if `rum.remote.configuration.id` is missing |
| `dd.rum.session.replay.sample.rate` | `DD_RUM_SESSION_REPLAY_SAMPLE_RATE` | Percentage, from `0` to `100` | Required if `rum.remote.configuration.id` is missing |
```

| `dd.rum.remote.configuration.id` | `DD_RUM_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ID` | `<string>` | Required if either `rum.session.sample.rate` or `rum.session.replay.sample.rate` is missing |

## Troubleshooting

Check the Java web application server logs if you don't see the RUM JavaScript tag injected.

> Look for configuration parsing error message `"Unable to configure RUM injection"` in the logs. If present, it will show a detailed message about the cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for the configuration parsing error message `"Unable to configure RUM injection"` in the logs. If present, it shows a detailed message about the cause.
```
